[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> From Egypt to
Babylon, India to Japan,
ancient history is rich with
myths and legends of feline
beings that were worshipped
as gods and goddesses.
But were these
catlike entities more
than symbolic
representations of power?
Could they have been an ancient
race of extraterrestrials known
by some as the Urmah, who
came to Earth contributing
to the evolution of humankind?
If so, what is known about
this exclusive species
of extraterrestrials
that were once
an influence in ancient times?
And why do we no longer
witness their presence today?
>> So while we don't know
as much about the felines
and the Urmah as
we do, let's say,
the Greys or the reptilians
that are very prominent in pop
culture and that we are
gaining more and more awareness
of, what we do know is that
these Urmah had a very strong,
powerful place in
humanity's past.
They were one of the
foundational influences
on what it meant to have human
civilization for that time
period.
>> In ancient Egypt, the cat was
absolutely revered as sacred.
And attached to the cat were
ideas or characteristics
like righteousness,
strength, power, royalty.
For example, in the
tombs in ancient Egypt,
you'll find them buried
with statues of cats.
And part of the reason
why is because they
want to connect themselves with
those ultimate characteristics
of the feline race,
of the leonine race,
that righteousness,
power, and majesty.
In the "Book of the Dead," Ra is
shown with a knife in his hand,
killing the serpent
of chaos, because cats
are ferocious killers, too.
And then Ra's daughter,
Bastet, takes the form
of a humanoid cat being.
Are these really
feline, humanoid beings
as the Egyptians
insisted they were?
What if they were?
Sekhmet is well known
as a feline goddess.
She's a humanoid cat.
And she's, in fact,
the consort or wife
of Ptah, who came from
Sirius, and the Egyptians
said was their god of technology
who fashioned the human body.
So why is Ptah mated with a cat?
Is this a feline race
that came from Sirius?
Or where did they come from?
We're never told where
the felines originated.
We're just told that they're
a very important part
of Egyptian creation mythology.
Murry Hope was a
great mythologist
and wrote extensively
about Sirius
since she called
them the Paschats.
Paschat is a French
word for cat.
They came from Sirius.
She said the lion
people in ancient Egypt
were a feline race.
They were actually a feline race
that she called the Paschats.
So this is well ingrained
in Egyptian mythology
that the cat people were
actually real people.
>> According to ancient
civilization researchers,
the Giza Plateau is
significantly older than
mainstream academia propose,
and can be dated back tens
of thousands of years to
a time known as Zep Tepi,
when the Earth was aligned
with the constellation of Leo.
Is it possible that
the connection with Leo
is more than simply a
celestial alignment?
Might it be a clue for a
technologically advanced
feline presence on
Earth during that time,
a time before the Great
Deluge and the destruction
of Atlantis.
>> I think there is enough
evidence we have there that
these depictions show
lion-headed beings interacting
with humanity.
And at the same time, we
know their association
with the age of Leo
is very important
because we see
Leo, the lion king,
being a very important
part of astrotheology.
>> The Sphinx originally used
to be a lion-headed being.
And, eventually, in
later time periods,
that lion face was reshaped
to be a human face.
But it is a very
strong likelihood
that the Sphinx was not
only a representation
of the Age of Leo, which
was the time of Zep
Tepi, the original
time when things
was the origin of
human civilization.
But it may also be an
indication of the Urmah presence
at the time period of Zep
Tepi and Atlantis and Lemuria.
>> I think a lot of the stories
that we see in ancient Egypt
about these different gods
and goddesses are pointing
to a unified prediluvian
civilization,
which we would call Atlantis,
and some would call Lemuria
before that or Mu.
And these are clearly
times when humanity
had advanced levels
of technology
for the creation of specific
kinds of sites and structures,
things that we don't know
how to build now that they
were able to build with ease.
And so, I believe that a lot
of the galactic interface
and influence that was happening
during Atlantean times,
and prior to the Flood,
last in our stories
today as mythologies, as the
stories of gods and goddesses.
But that these
are, in many ways,
beings that were hybridized from
the stars that were actually
here on this planet at
one time or another.
>> Throughout history,
individuals of prominence,
with their powerful bloodlines,
have often aligned themselves
and their families to
images of animals as symbols
of their power.
Such as the dragons with
many Asian emperors,
or the lion with
European monarchies.
But could these animal icons
be more than just symbols?
Are they unveiling
an esoteric lineage
of genetically
modified humans with
other extraterrestrial races?
>> It's an interesting concept
to think about the feline
as a symbol of power, because if
they were these ancient rulers
in ancient times, wouldn't that
lend credence as to why we talk
about lion as being like
not only the king of beasts,
but as a symbol of royalty
and a symbol of power?
That maybe this is some
of these royal lines,
not claiming
lineage, but claiming
that they have that
divine right to rule,
that divine right of power?
Because they saw it
at one point in time
that prestige and that
royalty conveyed by the Urmah
and they are trying
to emulate that
throughout their own
family line of royalty.
So the lion could be
a symbol of royalty
because of the ancient
influence of the Urmah on Earth.
>> People will look at images
of serpent gods and say, oh,
they're reptilian.
Well, what about the same
now when we come back
to all these leonine images?
Even in modern eras, you have
monarchies and royal people
that use the lion as their
icon or as their totem animal.
Is it just because
they're trying
to connect themselves with the
characteristics of the felines?
Or are they saying
that they originated
from that leonine race?
When we look for the continuing
evolution or influence
of the felines or
the leonine race,
I often point to the Essenes,
the tribe of Jewish mystics
that they operated
in Alexandria, Egypt.
And then they operated in Qumran
and in Carmel and elsewhere.
And what most
people don't know is
that the Essenes built a
duplicate of Solomon's temple
in Egypt.
They built it at a place
called Leontopolis,
the city of the lion.
And they specifically went
to the city of the lion
to build this duplicate
of Solomon's temple.
And then they introduced the
lion of the tribe of Judah.
I find that really interesting.
And once again, it's this
tribe of Jewish mystics
that are going back into ancient
Egyptian lore and saying,
it's got to be at Leontopolis.
It's got to be the
city of the lion
because the Lion of the
tribe of Judah is on his way.
And you think, are they
bringing in a being
that has these qualities?
Or are they literally
trying to influence
human affairs to bring out a
more leonine type of lineage?
You find this in the
story of King Solomon.
King Solomon had a lion throne.
And the lion symbolized
majesty and royalty.
But does it symbolize
perhaps more than that?
He's actually connecting
himself with this leonine race.
And then 900 years later, we
have another family member
from the tribe of Judah,
Jesus, who's called
the Lion of the tribe of Judah.
And he has all of these
leonine characteristics.
He's powerful.
You don't mess with him.
He's a great healer, and he has
these advanced capabilities.
Are they really
trying to connect
the family, the tribe of Judah
and the beings in ancient Egypt
with a leonine race?
Is that literal?
Is it allegorical, metaphorical?
What is it?
If we accept that
the leonine race did
come here and create an earthly
lineage, you have to wonder,
I mean, how well is
that lineage doing?
Perhaps there's
aspects of ourselves
that we still have to tap into.
>> It seems like the felines
kind of dropped out of favor
with the advent of Christianity.
I think for a while
there in Earth's history,
they were actually
demonized, where
felines were seen as
witches' familiars,
or they were seen as
demonic beings that
were bringing in demons.
And they were kind of
almost wiped out in Europe
during the Middle Ages
because of this superstition
against felines, which
was a direct opposition
to the Egyptian times when
feline beings were elevated.
So the reason why there with
such a hatred of feline beings
was because they were
always a natural enemies
of the reptilian.
These beings were in
opposition to each other
ever since the days
of Lyra and Vega.
>> In the constellation of Lyra,
there is a star called Vega
around which orbits planets that
researchers suggest the feline
extraterrestrials came from.
After a war with the
reptilian race known
as the Draco that saw the
destruction of their home
planet, the feline race
dispersed throughout the galaxy
to become one of the most
widespread and prolific species
in the known star systems.
>> Felines are a
fascinating group of beings.
The felines, my
understanding from what
I've seen in the
Akashic records,
is that they were a group of
beings that actually originated
from a different universe.
So these were beings
that held the evolution
of a multiuniverse that
was not our universe.
Then when that
experimentation of separation
from reality or separation
into reality ended,
they came to help start the
process in our universe.
So they came in through
a different portal
to our galactic center
in order to create
physical versions of
themselves in the Lyran system.
>> According to
our ET contactees,
like Ashayana Deane in
her "Voyager" series,
these beings existed at a much
higher dimensional levels.
When we look at them
having something
like 12 strands of
DNA, it was said
that they could come through
certain portals and stargates
around our planet.
And when they did, they were
able to interface with us
and move through
these places in ways
that we don't have
the capabilities to
with our current DNA.
>> There are several strong
lineages of felines that I
believe have
interacted with Earth.
One of these particular
racial lines I believe
comes from the
Sirian system and are
known by some as the
Sirian white lions.
Many others come from
the Lyran star system,
where we have a variety of
different humanoid cat races.
So in many ways, I believe that
a lot of the Lyran cat races
and species are warriors that
have worked with other races
to provide security and
guardianship around the galaxy.
>> The Urmah would be classed
as probably one of the most
prolific of the races in
that they are in all corners
of the universe and have many,
many colonies everywhere.
So they are definitely
prolific probably more so
than anyone else.
>> When they dress up,
they like to wear finery.
They like to have their capes.
They like to have their
blue jumpsuit-type things.
And they put decorations
on it, so they're
very showy and very flashy.
From the way they talk, you can
imagine as if a lion or a tiger
were talking.
They would still have
that growly, rumbly sound
when they talk.
But at the same time, they
have a telepathic influence.
>> Most folks that have
interactions with these feline
beings tell us that
they're a highly advanced,
multidimensional, or
metaterrestrial race that is
interfacing with us from a
higher dimensional level.
And so they will see
different outlines of them,
be more transparent,
that they have
a metamorphic and telepathic
way of communicating,
and that they are a
higher-evolved race.
Also, these feline
beings have been said
to be very wise, very kind.
Sometimes they were warlike.
And you have to look at
the history with cats
when we go back into
ancient Egypt even.
I mean, they venerated them.
>> They are extreme warriors,
I mean to the extreme.
They are known to be circulated
throughout the universe.
They have colonies everywhere.
They number in the trillions.
And they are very, very
fierce fighters so much so
that even the ruling class,
Draco, that are so large
are actually afraid of them.
They do wear uniforms
with different insignias
depending on which
group they belong to
or rank if they're in the
military type of stuff
and so forth.
Females are just as fierce, just
as loving, and very protective
of their young.
So far as I know,
they originated
or came from the Vegan system.
Their planets' names
were Lyor and Avalon.
Their society is structured
as ours pretty much
as a holistic society or
a holographic society,
if you will.
Holistic is another term
or word for what we used
to call holographic societies.
People got confused with that
because they kept thinking
that it was a hologram.
Well, it's not in that respect.
But it is to some
degree because as you
know, if you take a hologram,
if you cut a little corner off
of it, that little corner
contains everything
that the whole had contained.
So it's a similarity
in the respect
that every person is a
reflection of the entire whole
in a holographic society.
And every piece exists for
the purpose of every piece.
>> My experiences with some
of the Lyran humanoid species
of catlike beings tend to show
me that this species is very
interested in sports and
movement, in dynamic art forms,
in battles, but battles for
growth and learning and show,
but also have a level of
peacefulness and reservedness,
where there is a contemplation
about the understandings
of the unfoldings of
the archetypes in time,
for example, and awareness that
there is cultural narratives
and cycles that repeat
themselves over history.
The catlike beings, I think,
we experience here on Earth
even as house cats
can carry both
this vicious intensity, but also
this deeply gentle sweetness.
And I find that that's true
of almost all the feline races
that I've encountered.
>> These beings were known
to be fierce fighters.
They actually played
a huge role in trying
to defend Lyra against
the attacks of Draco.
I think there would have
been more casualties in Lyra
and Vega if it hadn't been
for the fighting abilities
of these cat beings, you know.
They were quite fearsome.
And they had, I
think, skills that
enabled them to take
down a lot of Draconians
in hand-to-hand combat.
The Draconians, although they're
quite fearsome in themselves,
are no match for the cat beings.
They love to express
themselves physically.
Because of their influence
in the sense of protection
and the sense of
fighting abilities,
I think this is a reason
why they remain connected
with the Galactic
Federation, where
they lend their fighting skills
and their physical abilities
in order to help
other star systems
to evolve in these
areas, where we
can learn how to
protect ourselves,
where we can learn how
to have, I would say,
a high level of ethics,
a high level of integrity
but still be excellent
fighters, still
have those defense
skills that are
going to help us to
get from the level
that we are now
to the next level.
>> According to
some researchers,
the felines have a substantial
role within the Galactic
Federation and are considered
one of the wisest beings
in the galaxy.
It is said that they
often act as guides
to the other races that have
not made the evolutionary leap
to higher dimensional beings.
>> The Lyran star species and
cultures that are feline are
part of this galactic
community and galactic council.
They operate with a level of
grace and knowledge and wisdom
that essentially makes
them extraordinary teachers
and guides and guardians for
other races around the galaxy.
I have only had incredibly
beautiful and powerful
experiences with those
that either reincarnated
from these species and
brought some of their wisdom
or through direct
contact with these beings
at different moments
in my journey
exploring these
different galactic races.
>> The feline groups, because
they've had their influences
in other star systems besides
Lyra's, they also became
supporters of the
Galactic Federation.
A lot of times, people
will report, you know,
their interactions with
Galactic Federation ships.
And they go on board the ships,
and they see representations
of feline beings.
So there are
certain feline souls
that have chosen to be, I think
still stay in physical form
in order to be of
support because they have
a specific mission that
involves maybe some other star
systems or planet Earth.
So they have chosen to
remain in physical form
so that they can maintain a
direct involvement with some
of these ascension projects
throughout our galaxy.
>> The Urmah are a very
prominent part of the Galactic
Federation they are one of the
big prominent members from what
we understand.
They have this very
strong presence,
that they are manning
a lot of the ships
and running a lot
of the programs that
are protective and oriented,
because while these beings may
be kind and fun and happy,
they tend to be overbloviated.
And they like to
have their finery
and their decorative symbols
and all the other decorations.
But they are also very powerful,
very strong, very warlike.
And they help to guide a lot
of these military operations
to protect planets.
>> As well as being protectors,
the felines are also considered
to be master geneticists,
according to contactees
and channelers.
Part of their agenda to
help guide various species
starts with altering
the DNA makeup of beings
to help them evolve.
Some have claimed
that they even had
a role in manipulating the DNA
of Homo sapiens on our planet.
>> Some researchers I've come
across have suggested that
these feline-like beings have
seeded parts of our genetic
traits through our DNA by
influencing the morphogenetic
field of the Earth.
And, again, the
morphogenetic field,
according to Rupert Sheldrake,
is this field of information
that we're receiving
through our DNA, which
acts like an antenna.
And so you might say that these
beings have 12 strands of DNA,
as it's been suggested, and
that they're very advanced
and act as sort of
engineers, if you will.
>> The feline beings were one
of the founder races that seeded
planet Earth.
So that's why we see such a
wide variety of feline genetics
throughout the animal
kingdom and also
even within humankind itself.
So these beings were
actually master geneticists.
They had the ability to create
different races of beings
using their own DNA.
So, initially, in
the history of Lyra,
we see many evolutions
of these beings
where, initially, they were
super high dimensional.
And they had more of a
felinesque look about them.
So there was various versions
of these hybridized feline
genetics.
>> If feline extraterrestrials
had a role in seeding
or manipulating our DNA, to
what end are they engineering
our species on a
biological level?
>> I think the interaction
between humans and the Urmah,
they would look upon us as
definitely needing help.
They show a great deal
of empathy toward us.
They would tend to protect us.
I think that in most cases,
if anyone should meet one,
they would probably
be frightened
because of the appearance.
But that's, again, something
that humans need to work on.
We need to be able to
look beyond appearance
and look to that so-called
spiritual side, which
is the inner person, the inner
self, the thing that actually
makes the person what
it is, and that there
would be a great deal of
affection and connection
between them.
So I don't think that
they are any kind
of a race that would be feared.
I think they should
be welcomed openly
rather than in the kind
of close or quiet spaces
that they have at this point.
But that's entirely
up to humanity
and how quickly we evolve
to where we can do that.
>> My gut feeling on these
feline beings is they came here
ages ago as
protectors, as guides,
and that they are still
here in one form or another
as protectors, as guides.
And we see them
through the starseeds.
We see them through
the indirect actions
that they take to
influence here.
I don't think they have a very
strong presence on the surface
of our planet anymore.
But I think they are more
celestial-oriented They're
more out in space and protecting
things coming in and out.
From the research
we've been doing,
the Urmah are protecting us
primarily from the reptilian,
from the Dracos that
are still trying
to take over and run things.
We know from inner sources
that the Draco have definitely
infiltrated subversively
into governments
and into corporations and into
the underground of the world.
It seems like the
reptilians, the Dracos
have not been able to
launch full-fledged
invasions and destructive
campaigns to our planet.
And that may be because of the
Urmah keeping protective guard
and holding the quarantine
so that they cannot do these
invasions on our planet.
>> The relationship we have
with these feline beings
traditionally also, when we go
back into our ancient cultures
and civilizations, is
that they were helping us.
They were giving us light.
They were helping to grow
and evolve our biology
as well as look
over our progress.
>> With the prevalence of a
feline influence on humanity
in the ancient past, the
question arises as to why we no
longer see these
catlike species today.
Some researchers suggest
that these beings
might dwell outside of
this third density, which
is why contact today is
mostly through dreams,
remote viewing, or nonlocal
conscious communications.
>> There hasn't been many
incidences of direct,
I would say, contactee
experiences with feline beings
on this planet or even elsewhere
because these beings have long
since evolved.
They oftentimes if there's
people that channel them
or people that
connect with them,
it's usually from a
very ethereal realm.
I wouldn't say there's a whole
lot of incidences even today
where we would see these beings
in the third dimension or even
in the fourth dimension.
They've evolved way beyond that.
However, there are
many accounts of people
who have channeled
these beings, who
have these beings as their
personal guides and teachers.
There's actually
some correlation
where there's some of these
beings that remain in somewhat
of a higher-level
physical form in order
to be able to be of
service to the Galactic
Federation or other agencies,
you know, similar to that.
But they're on much
higher dimensional forms.
So you're not
necessarily going to see
a whole lot of
incidences where there's
people that have had 3D
encounters with felines.
>> It is a very interesting
question to ponder,
where do they go?
Because we know from ancient
artifacts and ancient writings
that these Urmah beings
had such a prominent role
in early human civilization.
But then just one day,
they seem to leave.
Well, fascinatingly
enough, there
are interesting reports of the
work of the Galactic Federation
about the quarantine on
Earth and the covenant
that these
extraterrestrial races
can no longer be overtly
connecting and communicating
with humanity.
But we do have reports that
the Urmah haven't really
left yet, that they are
in orbit around Earth
still holding a protective
place over the quarantine
of our planet and overseeing the
protective operations to keep
us safe from outside threats.
>> As we attempt to better
understand these feline beings
who are one of the main groups
of influence upon our human
ancestors, one can
only speculate about
their intentions for humanity
as being a supportive one.
>> Many of us love cats.
And we have deep
connections with cats.
We experience a sort of
telepathic and emotional bond
with our animals.
And it's likely that that
bond is not a new thing.
We go back to ancient Egypt,
and we hear stories of cats
there that we had
this deep bond with.
But we also see
different information
pointing to a more profound bond
between us and feline species
both here on Earth and beyond.
And I think that a lot of
what we know now about felines
and how we interact with
cats and the kinds of gifts
they bring to our daily
experience in life
comes from this
longer relationship
that we have with
different feline species
here on Earth and
across the stars.
>> So, ultimately, we can
see the Urmah as the big cat
protectors of the
galaxy and of Earth,
that they are these amazing,
fantastic creatures that have
great emotion, great energy.
They are at a
higher-level of being.
But we should be grateful
that they're here
because things could be a
whole lot worse on our planet
if they weren't
watching over us,
protecting us, and
ultimately guiding us
in one form or another.
So the big takeaway
about the Urmah--
big lovable cats
keeping you safe.
>> Earth is a menagerie.
It's got so much diversity.
And we hear this
refrain over and over
in extraterrestrial studies
that other planets are
homogeneous in terms of the
type of beings that are there.
But on Earth,
we've got them all.
Some propose that
that's why Earth
is sort of quarantined,
why we're isolated out here
because it's a grand experiment.
Let's see how all
the various races
from all these different
star systems and members
of the Galactic Federation can
come together in one place.
And let's see what happens and
how they can all live together.
If Earth is this
experimental world,
that would explain why we have
this infusion of so much DNA
from all these different star
systems and types of beings.
It's a place where this type
of diversity is encouraged,
and it's allowed.
And it ultimately then
becomes the hallmark of Earth.
And perhaps what all
this is leading to
is the birth of a new type of
being coming from Earth that
is representative of all
of these different races
and now becomes the new
model that will then
be taken to different
star systems beyond those
that we're even aware of now.
>> As we conclude season
4 of "Deep Space,"
consider the following:
extraterrestrial species from
across the universe have
influenced the evolution
of humankind.
We see evidence of this
from our ancient past
and continue to experience
their contact to this day.
The human race
stands collectively
on the threshold of
change as we transition
into a new paradigm of humanity
joined by our galactic family.
In the words of
Colonel Philip Corso
when he asked an
extraterrestrial visitor,
quote, "What do you
have to offer us?"
The ET responded, "A new
world, if you can take it."
That new world is now upon us.
[MUSIC PLAYING]